Update firewall-requirements.md (#2909)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-stack-docs: azure-stack/hci/concepts/firewall-requirements.md

## Required firewall URLs

The following table provides a list of required firewall URLs. Make sure to include these URLs to your allowlist. 

> Please also follow the required firewall requirement of [AKS on Azure Stack HCI](/azure/aks/hybrid/aks-hci-network-system-requirements#firewall-url-exceptions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please also follow the required firewall requirements for [AKS on Azure Stack HCI](/azure/aks/hybrid/aks-hci-network-system-requirements#firewall-url-exceptions).
```

Depending on additional Azure services you enable on HCI, you may need to make additional firewall configuration changes. Refer to the following links for information on firewall requirements for each Azure service:

> - [AKS on Azure Stack HCI](/azure/aks/hybrid/aks-hci-network-system-requirements#firewall-url-exceptions)

Reviewer 2: Is one of these links the ARB?

Author: It added a new link to https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/hybrid/aks-hci-network-system-requirements#firewall-url-exceptions , and ask customer to follow those addresses making sure AKS Arc works.  The list has been validated by engineering team should include links to ARB.
